feat: provide HOST env variable at runtime (#5421)
withastro/astro: packages/integrations/node/README.md

For standalone mode the server handles file servering in addition to the page and API routes.

> #### Runtime HOST and PORT
> 
> It is possible to override built HOST and PORT values with [runtime environment variables](https://docs.astro.
> build/en/guides/environment-variables/#using-the-cli)

Reviewer: Thanks @Scttpr! I think this is a good place for this.

Made a couple of tweaks here. I don’t think we need all-caps when referring to the concept of host/port. I’m also not sure the link is that helpful as that section of the docs describes running the Astro dev server. How does this look?

```suggestion
#### Custom host and port

You can override the host and port the standalone server runs on by passing them as environment variables at runtime:
```

Author: You are totally right!
